EVIL  ALLIANCES

The evil stirs, Terrarian. Will you take it on?

MUTATIONS:
Introducing Mutations! Now instead of being confined to the normal playstyle of the Terrarian, you can now become a beast of your world's evil biome!

Carcinogeris - "The Bileborn Beast"
ABILITIES:
 - Spread: Carcinogeris launches tumor cells in a short radius, infecting enemies and damaging them over time.
    - Envigorating Spread: tumor cells now extract life on damage.
    - Fortifying Spread: Tumor cells now give a small amount of armor for each enemy afflicted.

 - 

Encephavara - "The Malevolent Mind"
ABILITIES:
 - Sonar: Casts a sonar wave that detects enemies, displaying their location on screen for a short time.
    - Disorienting Sonar: Sonar can now distract and confuse enemies for a short time.
    - Attuned Sonar: Sonar can now detect metals and other treasures at a short distance.

 - 

 - Conversion: Converts an enemy's mind and combines it with yours. Becomes your temporary ally.
    - Volatile Conversion: After conversion wears off, the enemy releases an explosion, damaging themselves and all other enemies in the area.
    - 

 - Shedding: Encephavara sheds its bodily exterior, becoming a bony nervous system.
   STATS: Increased movement and attack speed + an 80% chance to dodge an attack, decreased defense and health
    - Shedding Shrapnel: Shed skin immediately calcifies, turning into darts that impale enemies.
   - 

ENHANCEMENT TREE:
There are many upgrades and enhancements you can obtain to better yourself while in mutation mode (or outside as well)
Craft and unlock them all!

WEAPON MUTATIONS
Certain weapons have fallen ill to the world's evil, turning them into hellish shells of their former selves.
Some weapons include:
-Daedalus Stormbow
-Night's Edge
-Excalibur
-Boomstick
-
Craft and collect them all!

EVIL BIOMES REWORKED
Corruption:
New tiles and stones to replace ebonstone
New sprites and enemies
New weapon set sprites
Bile Pools: Weakens player attack by a small amount
Cancer Gas: Damages the player over time (only in the underground during hardmode)
Eater of Worlds: Reworked for the mod

Crimson:
New tiles and stones to replace crimstone
New sprites and enemies
New weapon set sprites
Ichor Pools: Weakens player defense by a small amount
Encephalon Gas: Damages the player over time (only in the underground during hardmode)
Brain of Cthulhu: Reworked

NEW INVASION: EVIL OFFENSIVE
Creatures of the world's evil are going on the offensive! Stop them from spreading further!
New enemies during invasions
New weapon and loot rewards
Has the possibility to spread evil...

